Details about known caveats of using multiple processes in pre-commit (#9463)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/user_guide/installation/pre-commit-integration.rst

Pre-commit integration
======================

``pylint`` can be used as a `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com>`_ hook. We however
discourage it as pylint -- due to its speed -- is more suited to a continuous integration
job or a git ``pre-push`` hook, especially if your repository is large.

Since ``pylint`` needs to import modules and dependencies to work correctly, the
hook only works with a local installation of ``pylint`` (in your environment). It means

> it can't be used with ``pre-commit.ci`` and you will need to add the following to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it can't be used with ``pre-commit.ci``, and you will need to add the following to your
```

``.pre-commit-config.yaml`` ::

.. sourcecode:: yaml

    ci:
      skip: [pylint]

> Another limitation is that pylint should analyses all your code at once in order to best infer the
> actual values that are passed in calls. If only some of the files are given pylint might
> miss a particular value's type and produce inferior inference for the subset. Since pre-commit slice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another limitation is that pylint should analyse all your code at once in order to best infer the
actual values that result from calls. If only some of the files are given, pylint might
miss a particular value's type and produce inferior inference for the subset. Since pre-commit slices
```

> the files given to it in order to parallelize the processing the result can be degraded.
> It can also be unexpectedly different when the file set changes because the new slicing can change
> the inference. Thus the ``require_serial`` option could be set to ``true`` if correctness and determinism
> is more important than parallelization to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the files given to it in order to parallelize the processing, the result can be degraded.
It can also be unexpectedly different when the file set changes because the new slicing can change
the inference. Thus the ``require_serial`` option should be set to ``true`` if correctness and determinism
are more important than parallelization to you.
```

        entry: pylint
        language: system
        types: [python]

>         require_serial: true

Reviewer: 💚
